hi my name's Daisy and today I'm
bringing you the Christmas present that
is a new tag the tag is called all I
want for Christmas and it covers things
like fandoms and who you want under your
Christmas tree and also all other
festive shenanigans that you could
possibly get up to there are seven
questions no there's not I lie there's
eight question and they're quite
creative I think and there's even a
little bit of Hogwarts so everyone likes
hope what's a Christmas so yeah let's
get rolling number one what fictional
character do you want Santa to leave
under your Christmas tree I certainly
won't mind me tree Bell call from
vampire coach me under my Christmas tree
mmm-hmm number two what character do you
want to kiss under the mistletoe for
from divergent and also because then I
could technically try and ask him for
four kisses see I'm using my brain
number three you write your Christmas
list for Santa and what are the top five
books on it number one would be city of
heavenly fire by Cassandra Clare I'm
sure Santa could somehow get me my new
script of some kind that would be great
number two would be shattered me by
ahead Jeff never can say her name
Whitney can just say her name instead
when she watches this video and then you
can squeal cuz I know you'll be excited
that I just said that number three would
be bloodlines by Richelle Mead because
I'm really excited about reading the
Vampire Academy series and I would want
the next book for the spin-off the 5th
wave by Rick Yancey cuz I appear to be
the only person on booktube that hasn't
read it yet and number five would be
fangirl by Rainbow Rowell because dude
it's my life that's me number four its
Secret Santa at Hogwarts and what do you
most want to receive really want to say
a wand technically you can't really be
gifted one of those so I think I would
go with the invisibility cloak because I
could get a lot of mischief merged with
that number five you get to spend one
day with the characters and the movie
adaptation actors from one fandom what
do you pick why did I make such a hard
question hi this is ridiculously hard
for me I have two in mind the first four
would be the Hunger Games because I
really love those characters I do really
want to hang out with them I think it
would have to be either at the very end
of Mockingjay but then just a tiny
little bit before it so I can kind
you know you know what I mean what
happened at the end of Mockingjay that I
would want to be there to meet so I'd
also want to meet Jennifer Lawrence
because she is just amazing everyone has
just Jennifer Lawrence and they want to
meet kind of category and I really like
Josh Raptors josh hutcherson Thanks
teeth but not being able to pronounce
them properly everyone in there is just
amazing and if you would be absolutely
hilarious to hang out with as well and
just drive a little bit crazy and just I
don't know just bring a load of mahogany
with just knives stabbed into it yeah
I'm getting over it
enthusiastic about this very much I just
say the only thing I'm kind of hesitant
about is I don't want to hang out with
them if we're mid Hunger Games because I
really don't know how to be killing
people or be killed
prematurely so if I can just not be
killed prematurely you'll have to kill
anyone I would go with the Mortal
Instruments because they are all the
awesome too and I would love to hang out
with them but the Hunger Games kind of
Jennifer Lawrence just steals the spot
for this question number six which
fictional animal would you like to
replace Rudolph and be able to meet on
top of your roof I want to say a dragon
because that would be pretty awesome and
I'm sure that the fire peril and that
would probably make you go a little bit
faster I'm just laughing at my own joke
number seven you invite 10 fictional
characters to your New Year's Eve party
and who do you pick I'd want a mix of
people so people who'd be kind of like
good at controlling the fun and then
people who would be a little bit crazy
so you could just you know have a fun
time with them
and technically I've already met Dimitri
and four so I'm kind of not counting
them in this list but I have met them so
I would probably just slip them an
invite and say hey come anyway I've
picked Rose Hathaway from Vampire
Academy we'll Herondale from the
Infernal Devices series ron weasley from
Harry Potter Katniss Everdeen from The
Hunger Games series Magnus Bane from the
modern era Murthy and fellow devices and
the bane Chronicles Clary Fray from the
Mortal Instruments mainly because if she
has that power we know that it's not in
the books but if she had the power that
she had in the moon
be with them and moving every object
that would be really good for like
tidying up afterwards patch from the
hush-hush theory Tris prior from the
divergent series kami from the Limbourg
legacy because kami just has a really
awesome personality our Gustus waters
from The Fault in Our Stars number eight
and finally what character would make a
good center this doesn't actually have
to be appearance wise it can be their
personality doesn't matter but it does
kind of get bonus points if you can find
someone who does look reasonably like
Santa gandalf because he's used to big
travels and ventures he makes pretty
awesome fireworks he's very caring about
people and you've got the beard action
going on and the white like everything
and yeah I think that enough would make
a pretty awesome Center that's all I
want for Christmas tag I hope you guys
enjoyed it and you maybe want to do it
as well I'll be tagging some people in
the description box down below and if
you haven't been tagged by me it doesn't
matter because I want to see you guys do
the video anyway if so if you do do it
please message me on youtube and attach
the video or you can write in the
comments down below and I will find it
and watch it Christmas is in ten days I
hope you're all having a very festive
time at the moment if you don't
celebrate Christmas are you celebrate
different holiday Happy Holidays to you
and Merry Christmas doll those that do
celebrate Christmas and if you don't
celebrate any holiday I hope you're just
having a nice time with your family
thank you for watching thank you for
subscribing and happy reading
bye bye